The Joe Rogan experience.
And then so, uh, but my friend was like, yo, how you gonna start doing standup?
I was like, I don't know, man,
maybe I'll start doing like some clown stuff or something like that. I was like,
maybe like 15. I was like,
maybe I'll start doing like some clown stuff or something. Oh yeah.
And I heard about like a clown school in San Francisco and I was like, oh yeah,
maybe I'll do that. And happened. And the friend was like,
don't you just go to like an open mic or something like that? And I was like,
oh, is that how you get started? And I was like, all right,
then maybe I'll do that. But like fast forward, I had a lot of time on my hands,
uh, back in 2018, I wasn't doing. And I was at the like, man, I was like,
you should take a class.
I was like, you already in the wave, you already does like,
just go take a class, whatever. I took a clown class and uh,
it's called the clown school. I'm like on their website and.
I'm like the only I'm like the only black people, like on their website and.
And uh, I just started doing it in 2018 and um, it,
you know, what's so fun about that is that like,
if you didn't know what made you funny as a person or whatever, like the,
they help you find like your inner clown, you know, you know what I'm saying?
Everybody has an inner clown and stuff like that, that what's first.
Day of clown school. Like, so.
So I, I remember, I remember this, uh, I remember this assignment, first of all,
I walked in there with some doc Martins on, right. I, I, they were,
they were maroon doc Martins. They looked like a, um,
they looked like clown shoes,
but they were maroon doc Martins and the clown teachers that they're like, Hey,
take those off. And I was like, why? He was like, just take 'em off.
And then it dawned on me. I was like, oh, I was probably disrespecting clown.
Cuz he probably thought that that's what I thought a clown was,
whatever people who wear shoes like this or because doc Martins do kind of look
like, you know, clown shoes, if you whatever. And then so, uh, did you explain?
No, but I, I, I, I dawned me. I was like, Hmm, that's probably.
Why you really think, you thought it was disrespectful.
To clown to, to the whole art of clown or whatever. He was like, oh,
you think clowns just wear big shoes and get outta small cars.
That'd be funny. I was be a funny sketch dude, a guy who teaches clown asses,
but he's like really sensitive.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> about the art of being a clown and he's a purist,
he's a clown purist. Yeah. What do you got a rubber nose on? Get that nose off.
So.
It is so funny, right? It's like, um, um,
I remember the first assignment though was uh, Hey,
come through this door 10 funny ways.
<affirmative> and I was like, I was like, oh, that sounds funny. So I, I mean,
so that sounds fun. So I would just come in,
I would do like a physical act or whatever,
but I would do it 10 funny ways I would come in as a robot and I would come in
as a, did you ever come through.
Naked? Huh? No. You should. You should finished.
You should take that glass and then you should do that.
What up? No. Wow.
<Laugh> but, but you know what? They don't limit like that though.
Like if you wanted to do some like that because they want you to be free.
Oh <laugh>.
Got it. Yeah. So I remember,
I remember that assignment come through this door 10 funny ways.
What did you do? Um, so I came in,
like I came in like crawling and like that.
And then I came in like retarded and like that. I came in,
I came in spinning like this or whatever. And I remember I like hopped backward,
like a kangaroo and like that. And it was a <laugh> it was a bunch of.
Like that. What did other people in the, what were they like?
What were the other people in the class? Like.
Some in there were good. Like really? Cause the,
because the thing about clown is like, is that they, they say like the,
the wrong answers are what's funny. So, you know, like if you come in,
if you come in,
if you come in or whatever and you accidentally trip and like that,
like it was a accident. Yeah. That's what the clown,
as the clowns are the mistakes and stuff like that. And you know,
the red nose is actually, uh,
is actually just puts you in the spirit of being a clown and being silly. But.
But the maroon doc Martins don't exactly.
Exactly.
You know what? That's like,
that's like a bad standup coach giving you advice on standup mm-hmm
<affirmative> that, that has happened to a lot of people. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience on
Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while you using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the, a good experience.